Product research 
 Feedback 
 Start selling 
 Start here Find your starting point Take the quiz and get a starting point 
 How selling works Get an overview of how selling on eBay works 
 Create your first sale Create seller account Review the steps for creating a seller account 
 Create your first listing Find out how to list an item, step by step 
 Price your item Understand how to set a competitive price 
 Set up shipping Choose your shipping options as you list 
 Manage selling 
 Daily work Seller Hub: manage sales Manage orders, listings and payments in one place 
 Orders, payments, and returns Handle orders, payments, returns and refunds 
 Shipping services Compare shipping programs and partner rates 
 Your seller rating See how eBay rates you, and earn benefits 
 Time Away Pause or adjust sales during breaks 
 Team Access Delegate selling tasks securely 
 Listing tools Bulk listing tools Upload and edit many listings at once 
 Selling templates Reuse listing formats and details 
 Business policies Save shipping, payment and return settings 
 Grow sales 
 Expand your reach Sell on more eBay sites with eBaymag Post to multiple eBay sites from one place 
 Open an eBay Store Open a branded storefront and cut your fees 
 eBay Live Sell to buyers in real time on live video 
 Promote & optimize Promotion strategies Decide which ads and offers to run 
 Research what sells Find what sells, and what to source next 
 Promote listings with ads Run Promoted Listings and ad campaigns 
 Run discounts and offers Create and schedule offers with Discounts Manager 
 Best Offer Let buyers propose a price, and send offers to interested buyers 
 Fees & rules 
 Costs and protection Seller fees Free to list. You pay only when it sells 
 Seller protection See all the ways you are covered 
 Rules What you can sell Check selling limits and restricted items 
 eBay policies Read the rules that keep the marketplace safe 
 Taxes Check the tax rules that apply to your sales 
 International regulations Find the regulations for your target market 
 Learn & support 
 Learn Webinars Watch training sessions from eBay&#x27;s team 
 Training calendar Book an upcoming live seller webinar 
 Courses and quizzes Take short courses and quizzes, and earn certificates 
 Seller training program A training program for new sellers to take their business to the next level 
 Seasonal selling guide Get ready for peak season and sell more 
 Tips & tricks Practical advice to sharpen your listings 
 Get help & updates FAQ Read the questions sellers ask most 
 Fix account or listing issues Resolve compliance issues in one place 
 Export community Ask other exporters and share what works 
 Important updates Read the changes that affect your sales now 
 Seller news Track official updates to the marketplace 
 Key updates 
 Visit our FAQs Not sure where to start? Take a short quiz 
 Start selling 
 Manage selling 
 Grow sales 
 Fees & rules 
 Learn & support 
 Key updates 
 View all 
 Start here Find your starting point Take the quiz and get a starting point 
 How selling works Get an overview of how selling on eBay works 
 Create your first sale Create seller account Review the steps for creating a seller account Create your first listing Find out how to list an item, step by step 
 Price your item Understand how to set a competitive price Set up shipping Choose your shipping options as you list 
 Visit our FAQs Not sure where to start? Take a short quiz 
 Start selling Everything you need to make your first sale View all 
 View all 
 Daily work Seller Hub: manage sales Manage orders, listings and payments in one place Orders, payments, and returns Handle orders, payments, returns and refunds Shipping services Compare shipping programs and partner rates 
 Your seller rating See how eBay rates you, and earn benefits Time Away Pause or adjust sales during breaks Team Access Delegate selling tasks securely 
 Listing tools Bulk listing tools Upload and edit many listings at once Selling templates Reuse listing formats and details 
 Business policies Save shipping, payment and return settings 
 Visit our FAQs Not sure where to start? Take a short quiz 
 Manage selling The tools that run your day to day selling View all 
 View all 
 Expand your reach Sell on more eBay sites with eBaymag Post to multiple eBay sites from one place Open an eBay Store Open a branded storefront and cut your fees 
 eBay Live Sell to buyers in real time on live video 
 Promote & optimize Promotion strategies Decide which ads and offers to run Research what sells Find what sells, and what to source next Promote listings with ads Run Promoted Listings and ad campaigns 
 Run discounts and offers Create and schedule offers with Discounts Manager Best Offer Let buyers propose a price, and send offers to interested buyers 
 Visit our FAQs Not sure where to start? Take a short quiz 
 Grow sales Turn early sales into a steady business View all 
 View all 
 Costs and protection Seller fees Free to list. You pay only when it sells 
 Seller protection See all the ways you are covered 
 Rules What you can sell Check selling limits and restricted items eBay policies Read the rules that keep the marketplace safe 
 Taxes Check the tax rules that apply to your sales International regulations Find the regulations for your target market 
 Visit our FAQs Not sure where to start? Take a short quiz 
 Fees & rules Know what you pay and the rules that apply View all 
 View all 
 Learn Webinars Watch training sessions from eBay&#x27;s team Training calendar Book an upcoming live seller webinar Courses and quizzes Take short courses and quizzes, and earn certificates 
 Seller training program A training program for new sellers to take their business to the next level Seasonal selling guide Get ready for peak season and sell more Tips & tricks Practical advice to sharpen your listings 
 Get help & updates FAQ Read the questions sellers ask most Fix account or listing issues Resolve compliance issues in one place Export community Ask other exporters and share what works 
 Important updates Read the changes that affect your sales now Seller news Track official updates to the marketplace 
 Visit our FAQs Not sure where to start? Take a short quiz 
 Learn & support Guides, training and news to keep you sharp View all 
 en 
 Start selling 
 Sell worldwide with eBay 
 Manage selling 
 Product research 
 Product research
 What is Product research? 
 Product research 
 Sourcing insights 
 Access Product research 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 What is Product research? 
 Product research is an eBay service, a suite of exclusive insights tools for market analysis. Product research uses recent eBay supply, demand, and pricing data to help you determine what to sell, when to sell it, and at what price. Research market trends based on real data from millions of eBay transactions to effectively strategize your sales.
 All sellers can now take advantage of insights on what to sell, when to sell, and how to sell on eBay, directly from the Seller Hub Research tab and the mobile apps. Sellers with access to Seller Hub can use Product research. 
 Business sellers with a Basic Store subscription or above also get access to Sourcing insights as part of their Store subscription.
 Product research
 With Product research, you can see how products and categories are performing across all of eBay&#x27;s marketplaces. Easy-to-understand reports provide an overview of which products and categories are popular, and which strategies are successful in attracting buyers.
 For customized and targeted insights about markets you&#x27;re interested in, simply search by keyword or product, and apply filters such as Category , Item condition , or other filters such as Brand , Color , or Buyer and Seller locations .
 Go to Product research 
 Product research gives you access to the last 3 years of eBay sales data for millions of items, including:
 Sales trends
 Average sales price
 Sold price range
 Average shipping costs and the number of listings offering free shipping
 Sell through rate (for searches of items sold 90 days ago or less)
 Total number of sellers who have sold that item
 The selling format in which items are sold
 Product research highlights 
 Get ahead of the competition by using these features to your advantage.
 Optimize your listings Match the competition Product research Refresh underperforming listings 
 By researching top-performing listings and comparing listing details — such as photos, price, and item specifics — you can get hints on how to better optimize your listings. You can also identify data-driven keywords that could attract customers to your listings.
 Additional Product research benefits for data handling: 
 Up-to-date data. Seller Hub data is in real time, so sellers can see all sales up to the present time
 All in one place. Sellers don&#x27;t need to use a different tool and can carry out all their market research tasks: insights, analysis and visualizations, all in one tool
 Wide selection of data. Analytics includes not only listings that have already completed transactions, but also all active listings
 Research features
 Category selector: Narrow your search by category and view only transactions that occur in a specific eBay category
 Type-ahead component: Recommended keyword and category suggestions, based on the most frequent seller searches corresponding to the keywords you enter
 Data visualization for items sold and at what prices: Spot and analyze trends for items sold and at what prices over time, including sell-through rate
 Analyze relevant active listings: Review best practices by compare your listings with top-performing competitors
 Data visualization for market share: Easily identify your top competitors’ market share and calculate average item prices
 Team Access: Provide your employees with separate access to streamline your operations
 Good examples of Product research usage
 Maintaining your customer base and identifying new opportunities is key to managing and growing your eBay business. Get ahead of the competition by finding out what they’re doing and how they’re doing it. Take a look at a few real cases where Product research can help you.
 Market research
 You can use Product research to analyze trends in prices, sales volumes and product availability over time. By analyzing this data, you can plan your inventory and pricing structure, better understand changes in supply and demand, and identify the sales volumes you can expect. The tool also allows you to filter by item condition or sales format.
 And also to identify product sales trends from the previous year.
 Sourcing single stock items
 You can even use the above approach for used and low stock items by taking advantage of the relevant filters. This allows you to check trends, average prices, shipping costs and more. Take full advantage of additional filters to narrow your searches.
 Identify and analyze single stock listings that have sold.
 Listing optimization
 It’s easy to research the top performing listings and get hints on how to better optimize your own listings, by looking at listing details such as photos, price, item specifics and retail standards. You can also identify data-driven keywords that could attract customers to your listings.
 Even slight changes in listings can make a big difference in promoting sales. In this way you can improve the most promising listings and reactivate underperforming ones.
 Retail standard optimization
 Analyzing the most effective listings also gives you the opportunity to improve your retail standards and help you match the competition. You can immediately see high level metrics, such as the percentage of listings with free shipping and average postage costs. Take a detailed look at your competitors&#x27; best listings in terms of returns and shipping options.
 Trade on international eBay sites
 Product research helps you to research in other eBay domains and locations and enables you to make more informed decisions about which marketplaces you should promote your items on.
 Sourcing insights
 With Sourcing insights, sellers can access real-world sales data for every eBay category to develop their sourcing strategy and identify areas of opportunity. Sourcing insights is available at no extra cost to business sellers with a Basic Store subscription or above. If you don’t yet have a Store but would like to use Sourcing insights, you can sign up for a Store today .
 Please note that in order to access data about a category, you must have $500 or more in sales in that category.
 With Sourcing insights, you can see top-performing categories, identify what’s selling well in those categories, and make informed decisions about what to sell next. 
 You can also:
 Identify categories with high demand and low supply
 See trends over time, and stay ahead of seasonal demand
 Use sales data to refresh your inventory based on what buyers are looking for
 Sourcing insights also helps sellers to:
 Source inventory based off of sold single stock listings to discover what is in or out of stock so that you can offer a competitive option
 Research by Category to gain insights into categories which have high demand and low inventory represented on eBay
 Go to Sourcing insights 
 Sourcing insights highlights
 Use these features to get the insights you need to grow your business.
 Identify categories with high demand and low supply See seasonal trends Find top item specifics 
 Find high-potential categories — marked as “Great Opportunity” — that have high search volume and not enough active listings to meet the demand.
 Access eBay research tools 
 eBay research tools are available under the Research tab in Seller Hub.
 Sellers with access to Seller Hub can use Product research. Business sellers with a Basic Store subscription or above also get access to Sourcing insights as part of their Store subscription.
 Frequently Asked Questions
 How do Product research results differ from eBay completed listings search results?
 How do I refine Product research search results?
 Why am I unable to view some listings when I select them?
 Does Team Access work with with Product research?
 You might also be interested in
 How to optimize your listings
 What do you need to do to make sure that your listing attracts the buyer&#x27;s attention? Learn how to optimize your listing and make it competitive, how to increase your listing visibility in search results and, even more importantly, take the perfect photo and give detailed item information.
 Discount Manager
 This quick and easy tool enables you to market your merchandise like a pro.
 Create special offers that encourage buyers to shop more of your items and spend more on each order. Best of all, it&#x27;s free for Stores subscribers.
 Promoted Listings
 Stand your items out among billions of listings on eBay and make them seen by millions of active buyers when they&#x27;re browsing and searching for what you are selling, helping to increase the likelihood of a sale.
 Seller Hub: your business control center
 Grow your business with thoughtfully designed tools for listing, order tracking, payment management, advertising, and building loyalty, all found in the Seller Hub dashboard.
 Guides Seller account 
 Manage listings 
 Buyer communication 
 Shipping 
 Selling globally 
 Selling tools Seller Hub 
 Discounts Manager 
 eBay advertising 
 eBay Store 
 eBaymag 
 Resources Webinars 
 Training calendar 
 Export Academy 
 eBay Community 
 Fees & regulations Taxes 
 eBay fees 
 eBay policies 
 International regulations 
 Contacts Contact us 
 eBay Global Market
 UAE
 Copyright © 1995— 2026 eBay Inc.
 User Agreement Privacy Cookie Settings Change region HiPO 
 IN SEA